ah
Alex good evening and my name is Alexei
Sayle I'm actually a journalist um
gossip columnist on what's on in Stoke
Newington
yeah you might have seen it's a big
piece of paper with fucker let not it
the lifestyle is don't you into this
terribly alternative you know I mean
everybody's growing their own denim you
know I actually knit my own yogurts it's
really tastic kid I'd be on me holidays
this year into a Greek island de más de
cine it's the scene is Toby alternative
but it's one thing about scene I can't
get behind and that is all the people
taking drugs and not giving me any the
bastards
well I think if you want to get out
you're dead what's wrong we're going out
and having ninety three pints of real
ale you know squat ex old illegible with
the twigs NAB it's a big still in it and
the chunky jumper in the suit with a
tailored party that are calculated
I'll tell him they see stories about
commodity investment now call wine bars
cuz what the jinx does what the fucking
do wine all the time
and add a multiple orgasm awful isn't it
yeah seen the lasers Woody Allen yes
awful isn't it
oh the quiche looks rough night rose I'm
gonna sing a folk song for you now um
it's about whale smuggling in the 19th
century and it was written by a civil
servant three weeks again here we go now
ring a teacher ring a teacher riggity
total total tall like you imagine the
folk songs they're gonna be singing in a
hundred years time you know like oh I am
a computer programmer from Charlie
Milton King on weekdays I wear a suit
for the weekend theologians she's mighty
wise enough Lloyd annoyed to cook some
haricot beans in me chucks you wit
roller skates on bottom stupid fucking
stony headphone Munich you do all that
lace and then you round off the evening
with a chart or spindling
nice yummy egg good evening sir and what
would you like to throw up tonight valve
fucker well this well I think the
chicken biriyani with the pill out flied
lice make a nice kind of point allistic
pattern on the floor darling that's it
you go round you Delia closing time the
streets are full of millions of pissed
Indians throwing up State and kidney
pies